Quick start edits (#743)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/quick-start.mdx

title: Quick Start
---

> This guide walks you through the basics of publishing and querying a subgraph on The Graph easily.

Reviewer: I like the feeling of setting expectations that "will" brings, but I do like "walk through" over "take through". How about:
```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the basics of publishing and querying a subgraph on The Graph.
```

> **Prerequisites for this guide:**

Reviewer: Should this be a heading?

- A crypto wallet

> - A smart contract address on the [supported network](/developing/supported-networks/) of your choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A smart contract address on one of the [supported networks](/developing/supported-networks/)
```
maybe?

- An API key

## Step-by-Step

### 1. Install the Graph CLI

> You must have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) and package manager of your choice (`npm`, `yarn` or `pnpm`) installed to use the Graph CLI. Check for the [most recent](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-tooling/releases?q=%40graphprotocol%2Fgraph-cli&expanded=true) CLI version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) and package manager of your choice (`npm`, `yarn` or `pnpm`) installed to use the Graph CLI. Check for [the most recent](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-tooling/releases?q=%40graphprotocol%2Fgraph-cli&expanded=true) CLI version.
```

title: Quick Start
---

> This guide walks you through the basics of creating, deploying, publishing, and querying a subgraph on The Graph easily.

Reviewer 2: Too many terms but technically publishing already covers - creating & deploying so we can just say this

```suggestion
This guide walks you through the basics of publishing and querying a subgraph on The Graph easily.
```

> This guide walks you through the basics of creating, deploying, publishing, and querying a subgraph on The Graph easily.

Reviewer 2: wondering that if the word `subgraph` should link to some glossary which explains that a Subgraph is for the folks who are completely new this is their quick start tutorial and not everyone would know what a subgraph is.

Author: Yes, agree!

Reviewer 3: Maybe here: https://thegraph.com/docs/en/developing/developer-faqs/#1-what-is-a-subgraph

**Prerequisites for this guide:**

- A crypto wallet

> - A smart contract address on the network of your choice
> - A subgraph that will be indexing data from a [supported network](/developing/supported-networks/)

Reviewer 2: We are teaching them how to deploy a subgraph so they won't have a subgraph. I think at this stage we should also assume that they don't even know what Subgraph.

```suggestion
- A smart contract address on the [supported network](/developing/supported-networks/) of your choice
```

- An API key

## Step-by-Step

### 1. Install the Graph CLI

> The Graph CLI is written in TypeScript, and you must have `node` and either `npm` or `yarn` installed to use it. Check for the most recent CLI version.

Reviewer 2: Let's avoid technical detail of what CLI is written in and stay to the point that they need to have `node` installed
 
```suggestion
You must have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) and package manager of your choice (`npm`, `yarn` or `pnpm`)  installed to use the Graph CLI. Check for the [most recent](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-tooling/releases?q=%40graphprotocol%2Fgraph-cli&expanded=true) CLI version.
```

yarn global add @graphprotocol/graph-cli
```

### 2. Create Your Subgraph

If your contract has events, the `init` command will automatically create a scaffold of a subgraph.

#### Create via Graph CLI

> Use the following command to create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio using CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio using the CLI:
```

> ```sh
> init --product subgraph-studio
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sh
graph init --product subgraph-studio
```
````

#### Create via Subgraph Studio

Subgraph Studio has a staging environment where you can create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs and API Keys.

1.  Go to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/) and connect your wallet.
2.  Click “Create a Subgraph". It is recommended to name the subgraph in Title Case: "Subgraph Name Chain Name".

> For additional information on subgraph creation and CLI, see [Creating a Subgraph](/developing/creating-a-subgraph).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information on subgraph creation and the Graph CLI, see [Creating a Subgraph](/developing/creating-a-subgraph).
```

### 3. Initialize Your Subgraph

#### From an existing contract

The following command initializes your subgraph from an existing contract:

```sh
graph init --studio <SUBGRAPH_SLUG>
```

> > _Note: If your contract was verified on Etherscan, then the ABI will automatically be created in the CLI._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If your contract was verified on Etherscan, then the ABI will automatically be created in the CLI.
```
The `>` should already format these "notes" in a consistent way. If we want to make that format italic, we should do it in that component.

You can find commands for your specific subgraph on the subgraph page in [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/).

> When you initialize your subgraph, the CLI tool will ask you for the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you initialize your subgraph, the CLI will ask you for the following information:
```

- Ethereum network (optional): You may need to specify which EVM-compatible network your subgraph will be indexing data from.
- Contract address: Locate the smart contract address you’d like to query data from.
- ABI: If the ABI is not auto-populated, you will need to input it manually as a JSON file.
- Start Block: You should input the start block to optimize subgraph indexing of blockchain data. Locate the start block by finding the block where your contract was deployed.
- Contract Name: Input the name of your contract.
- Index contract events as entities: It is suggested that you set this to true, as it will automatically add mappings to your subgraph for every emitted event.
- Add another contract (optional): You can add another contract.

See the following screenshot for an example for what to expect when initializing your subgraph:

![Subgraph command](/img/subgraph-init-example.png)

### 4. Write Your Subgraph

The `init` command in the previous step creates a scaffold subgraph that you can use as a starting point to build your subgraph.

When making changes to the subgraph, you will mainly work with three files:

> - Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`) - defines what datasources your subgraphs will index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`) - defines what data sources your subgraphs will index.
```
(the key is `dataSources`, so two words in camelCase :P)

- Schema (`schema. graphql`) - defines what data you wish to retrieve from the subgraph.

> - AssemblyScript Mappings (`mapping.ts`) - translates data from your datasources to the entities defined in the schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AssemblyScript Mappings (`mapping.ts`) - translates data from your data sources to the entities defined in the schema.
```

For a detailed breakdown on how to write your subgraph, check out [Creating a Subgraph](/developing/creating-a-subgraph/).

### 5. Deploy Your Subgraph

Remember, deploying is not the same as publishing.

- When you deploy a subgraph, you push it to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/), where you can test, stage and review it.
- When you publish a subgraph, you are publishing it onchain to the decentralized network.

1.  Once your subgraph is written, run the following commands:

    ```sh
    graph codegen
    graph build
    ```

> 2.  Authenticate and deploy your subgraph. The deploy key can be found on the Subgraph page in Subgraph Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Authenticate and deploy your subgraph. The deploy key can be found on the subgraph's page in Subgraph Studio.
```

    ```sh
    graph auth --studio <DEPLOY_KEY>
    graph deploy --studio <SUBGRAPH_SLUG>
    ```

- The CLI will ask for a version label.

>   - It's strongly recommended to use [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), e.g. `0.0.1`. That said, you can choose any string for the version such as: `v1, version1, asdf`, ect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It's strongly recommended to use [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), e.g. `0.0.1`. That said, you can choose any string for the version, such as `v1`, `version1`, `asdf`, etc.
```

### 6. Review Your Subgraph

If you’d like to examine your subgraph before publishing it to the network, you can use [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/) to do the following:

> - Run a sample query.
> - Analyze your subgraph in the dashboard to check information.
> - Check the logs on the dashboard to see if there are any errors with your subgraph.
> - The logs of an operational subgraph will look like this:
> 
> ![Subgraph logs](/img/subgraph-logs-image.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a sample query.
- Analyze your subgraph in the dashboard to check information.
- Check the logs on the dashboard to see if there are any errors with your subgraph. The logs of an operational subgraph will look like this:

    ![Subgraph logs](/img/subgraph-logs-image.png)
```

### 7. Publish Your Subgraph to The Graph Network

Publishing a subgraph to the decentralized network makes it available for [Curators](/network/curating/) to begin curating it and [Indexers](/network/indexing/) to begin indexing it.

#### Publishing with Subgraph Studio

1.  To publish your subgraph, click the Publish button in the dashboard.
2.  Select the network to which you would like to publish your subgraph.

#### Publishing from the CLI

As of version 0.73.0, you can also publish your subgraph with the Graph CLI.

1.  Open the `graph-cli`.
2.  Use the following commands:

> ```sh
> graph codegen && graph build
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
    ```sh
    graph codegen && graph build
    ```
````

> Then,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then,
```

> ```sh
> graph publish
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
    ```sh
    graph publish
    ```
````

3.  A window will open, allowing you to connect your wallet, add metadata, and deploy your finalized subgraph to a network of your choice.

![cli-ui](/img/cli-ui.png)

To customize your deployment, see [Publishing a Subgraph](/publishing/publishing-a-subgraph/).

#### Adding signal to your subgraph

1.  To attract indexers to query your subgraph, you should add GRT curation signal to it.

    - This action improves quality of service, reduces latency, and enhances network redundancy and availability for your subgraphs.

2.  If eligible for indexing rewards, Indexers receive GRT rewards based on the signaled amount.

    - It’s recommended to curate at least 3,000 GRT to attract 3 Indexers. Check reward eligibility based on subgraph feature usage and supported networks.

To learn more about curation, read [Curating](/network/curating/).

To save on gas costs, you can curate your subgraph in the same transaction you publish it by selecting this option:

![Subgraph publish](/img/publish-and-signal-tx.png)

### 8. Query Your Subgraph

> Now, you can query your subgraph by sending GraphQL queries to your subgraph’s Query URL, which you can find by clicking the Query button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can query your subgraph by sending GraphQL queries to its Query URL, which you can find by clicking the Query button.
```

yarn global add @graphprotocol/graph-cli
```

### 2. Create your subgraph

If your contract has events, the `init` command will automatically create a scaffold of a subgraph.

#### Create via Graph CLI

Use the following command to create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio using the CLI:

```sh
graph init --product subgraph-studio
```

#### Create via Subgraph Studio

> Subgraph Studio has a staging environment where you can create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs and API Keys.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me, but I find it confusing to talk about Studio's staging environment here. Why not just:
```suggestion
Subgraph Studio lets you create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs and API keys.
```

Reviewer: Also, some of these actions ("deploy" and "publish") only apply to subgraphs, not API keys, so maybe:
```suggestion
Subgraph Studio lets you create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs, as well as create and manage API keys.
```

1.  Go to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/) and connect your wallet.

> 2.  Click “Create a Subgraph". It is recommended to name the subgraph in Title Case: "Subgraph Name Chain Name".

Reviewer 2: not sure why one looks like `“` while the other `"`. Let's make it consistent.

```suggestion
2.  Click "Create a Subgraph". It is recommended to name the subgraph in Title Case: "Subgraph Name Chain Name".
```

- Ethereum network (optional): You may need to specify which EVM-compatible network your subgraph will be indexing data from.
- Contract address: Locate the smart contract address you’d like to query data from.
- ABI: If the ABI is not auto-populated, you will need to input it manually as a JSON file.
- Start Block: You should input the start block to optimize subgraph indexing of blockchain data. Locate the start block by finding the block where your contract was deployed.
- Contract Name: Input the name of your contract.
- Index contract events as entities: It is suggested that you set this to true, as it will automatically add mappings to your subgraph for every emitted event.
- Add another contract (optional): You can add another contract.

See the following screenshot for an example for what to expect when initializing your subgraph:

![Subgraph command](/img/subgraph-init-example.png)

### 4. Write your subgraph

The `init` command in the previous step creates a scaffold subgraph that you can use as a starting point to build your subgraph.

When making changes to the subgraph, you will mainly work with three files:

> - Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`) - defines what data sources your subgraphs will index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`) - defines what data sources your subgraph will index.
```

> - Schema (`schema. graphql`) - defines what data you wish to retrieve from the subgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schema (`schema.graphql`) - defines what data you wish to retrieve from the subgraph.
```

  ![Subgraph logs](/img/subgraph-logs-image.png)

### 7. Publish your subgraph to The Graph Network

Publishing a subgraph to the decentralized network makes it available for [Curators](/network/curating/) to begin curating it and [Indexers](/network/indexing/) to begin indexing it.

#### Publishing with Subgraph Studio

1.  To publish your subgraph, click the Publish button in the dashboard.
2.  Select the network to which you would like to publish your subgraph.

#### Publishing from the CLI

As of version 0.73.0, you can also publish your subgraph with the Graph CLI.

1.  Open the `graph-cli`.
2.  Use the following commands:

    ```sh
    graph codegen && graph build
    ```

    Then,

    ```sh
    graph publish
    ```

3.  A window will open, allowing you to connect your wallet, add metadata, and deploy your finalized subgraph to a network of your choice.

![cli-ui](/img/cli-ui.png)

To customize your deployment, see [Publishing a Subgraph](/publishing/publishing-a-subgraph/).

#### Adding signal to your subgraph

1.  To attract indexers to query your subgraph, you should add GRT curation signal to it.

>     - This action improves quality of service, reduces latency, and enhances network redundancy and availability for your subgraphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This action improves quality of service, reduces latency, and enhances network redundancy and availability for your subgraph.
```

2.  If eligible for indexing rewards, Indexers receive GRT rewards based on the signaled amount.

    - It’s recommended to curate at least 3,000 GRT to attract 3 Indexers. Check reward eligibility based on subgraph feature usage and supported networks.

To learn more about curation, read [Curating](/network/curating/).

To save on gas costs, you can curate your subgraph in the same transaction you publish it by selecting this option:

![Subgraph publish](/img/publish-and-signal-tx.png)

### 8. Query your subgraph

> Now, you can query your subgraph by sending GraphQL queries to it's Query URL, which you can find by clicking the Query button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can query your subgraph by sending GraphQL queries to its Query URL, which you can find by clicking the Query button.
```

yarn global add @graphprotocol/graph-cli
```

> ### 2. Create your subgraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Create Your Subgraph
```

If your contract has events, the `init` command will automatically create a scaffold of a subgraph.

> #### Create via CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create via Graph CLI
```

> Use the following command to create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio using CLI: `init --product subgraph-studio`

Reviewer: We should use code blocks on this page as much as possible IMO, to let users copy the commands. Also, this is not the full command, it's missing the executable (`graph`):
````suggestion
Use the following command to create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio using Graph CLI:

```sh
graph init --product subgraph-studio
```
````

> #### **Create via Subgraph Studio**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create via Subgraph Studio
```

> Subgraph Studio is a staging environment where you can create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs and API Keys.

Reviewer: Just a nitpick, I'm not sure it's technically correct to say that Studio _is_ a staging environment. I guess it _has_ a staging environment, but it is mostly a dapp.

> 1. Go to the [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/) and connect your wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/) and connect your wallet.
```

> 2. Click “Create a Subgraph." It is recommended to name the subgraph in Title Case: "Subgraph Name Chain Name."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click “Create a Subgraph". It is recommended to name the subgraph in Title Case: "Subgraph Name Chain Name".
```
Or is this a style guide thing? 🤔

> For additional information on subgraph creation and CLI, see [Creating a Subgraph](developing/creating-a-subgraph).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information on subgraph creation and Graph CLI, see [Creating a Subgraph](/developing/creating-a-subgraph).
```

### 3. Initialize Your Subgraph

> #### **From an existing contract**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### From an existing contract
```

The following command initializes your subgraph from an existing contract:

```sh
graph init --studio <SUBGRAPH_SLUG>
```

> _Note: If your contract was verified on Etherscan, then the ABI will automatically be created in the CLI._

You can find commands for your specific subgraph on the subgraph page in [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/).

When you initialize your subgraph, the CLI tool will ask you for the following information:

- Protocol: Choose the protocol your subgraph will be indexing data from
- Subgraph slug: Create a name for your subgraph. Your subgraph slug is an identifier for your subgraph.
- Directory to create the subgraph in: Choose your local directory

> - Ethereum network(optional): You may need to specify which EVM-compatible network your subgraph will be indexing data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ethereum network (optional): You may need to specify which EVM-compatible network your subgraph will be indexing data from.
```

- Contract address: Locate the smart contract address you’d like to query data from
- ABI: If the ABI is not auto-populated, you will need to input it manually as a JSON file
- Start Block: You should input the start block to optimize subgraph indexing of blockchain data. Locate the start block by finding the block where your contract was deployed.
- Contract Name: Input the name of your contract
- Index contract events as entities: It is suggested that you set this to true, as it will automatically add mappings to your subgraph for every emitted event

> - Add another contract(optional): You can add another contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add another contract (optional): You can add another contract.
```

> - Add another contract(optional): You can add another contract.

Reviewer: It bothers me that some of these have periods and others don't. 😂

See the following screenshot for an example for what to expect when initializing your subgraph:

![Subgraph command](/img/subgraph-init-example.png)

> ### 4. Write your subgraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4. Write Your Subgraph
```

The `init` command in the previous step creates a scaffold subgraph that you can use as a starting point to build your subgraph.

When making changes to the subgraph, you will mainly work with three files:

> - Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`)- defines what datasources your subgraphs will index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`) - defines what datasources your subgraphs will index.
```

> - Schema (`schema. graphql`) - defines what data you wish to retrieve from the subgraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schema (`schema.graphql`) - defines what data you wish to retrieve from the subgraph.
```

- AssemblyScript Mappings (`mapping.ts`) - translates data from your datasources to the entities defined in the schema.

For a detailed breakdown on how to write your subgraph, check out [Creating a Subgraph](/developing/creating-a-subgraph/).

> ### 5. Deploy to your subgraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Deploy To Your Subgraph
```
I guess "to" shouldn't be capitalized in title case, but should "your" be? I was trying to follow the style you used in some places.

Remember, deploying is not the same as publishing.

- When you deploy a subgraph, you push it to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/), where you can test, stage and review it.
- When you publish a subgraph, you are publishing it onchain to the decentralized network.

1. Once your subgraph is written, run the following commands:

>    ```sh
>    $ graph codegen
>    $ graph build
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sh
   graph codegen
   graph build
   ```
```
(otherwise, `$` is also copied if the user clicks on the Copy button)

2. Authenticate and deploy your subgraph. The deploy key can be found on the Subgraph page in Subgraph Studio.

>    ```sh
>    $ graph auth --studio <DEPLOY_KEY>
>    $ graph deploy --studio <SUBGRAPH_SLUG>
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sh
   graph auth --studio <DEPLOY_KEY>
   graph deploy --studio <SUBGRAPH_SLUG>
   ```
```

- The CLI will ask for a version label.

>   - It's strongly recommended to use [semver](https://semver.org/) for versioning like `0.0.1.` That said, you can choose any string as version such as: `v1, version1, asdf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It's strongly recommended to use [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), e.g. `0.0.1`. That said, you can choose any string for the version such as `v1`, `version1`, `asdf`, etc.
```

> ### 6. Review your subgraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 6. Review Your subgraph
```

If you’d like to examine your subgraph before publishing it to the network, you can use [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/) to do the following:

- Run a sample query.
- Analyze your subgraph in the dashboard to check information.
- Check the logs on the dashboard to see if there are any errors with your subgraph.
- The logs of an operational subgraph will look like this:

![Subgraph logs](/img/subgraph-logs-image.png)

> ### 7. Publish Your Subgraph to The Graph

Reviewer: ...Network?

> Publishing a subgraph to the decentralized network makes it available for [Curators](/network/curating/) to begin curating it and [Indexers](/network/indexing/) to index it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing a subgraph to the decentralized network makes it available for [Curators](/network/curating/) to begin curating it and [Indexers](/network/indexing/) to begin indexing it.
```
hehe

#### Publishing with Subgraph Studio

> 1. To publish your subgraph, click the publish button in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To publish your subgraph, click the Publish button in the dashboard.
```

2. Select the network to which you would like to publish your subgraph.

>    - Subgraphs are published to Arbitrum One to take advantage of the [faster transaction speeds and lower gas costs](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/arbitrum/arbitrum-faq/).

Reviewer: Is it even still possible to publish to L1?

Reviewer: Assuming it is and we want to keep this:
```suggestion
2. Select the network to which you would like to publish your subgraph.
   - Subgraphs are published to Arbitrum One to take advantage of the [faster transaction speeds and lower gas costs](/arbitrum/arbitrum-faq/).
```

> #### Publishing from the CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Publishing from the Graph CLI
```

Reviewer: Actually sorry, "from the CLI" is perfectly fine.

> As of version 0.73.0, you can also publish your subgraph with the [`graph-cli`](https://github.com/graphprotocol/graph-tooling/tree/main/packages/cli).

Reviewer: Why do we link to the Graph CLI in GitHub now? It was mentioned earlier in the page. I would just remove it:
```suggestion
As of version 0.73.0, you can also publish your subgraph with the Graph CLI.
```

> 1. Open the `graph-cli`.

Reviewer: What does this mean? 😅

2. Use the following commands: `graph codegen && graph build` then `graph publish`.
3. A window will open, allowing you to connect your wallet, add metadata, and deploy your finalized subgraph to a network of your choice.

![cli-ui](/img/cli-ui.png)

> To customize your deployment see [publishing a subgraph](/publishing/publishing-a-subgraph/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize your deployment, see [Publishing a subgraph](/publishing/publishing-a-subgraph/).
```

#### Adding signal to your subgraph

1. To attract indexers to query your subgraph, you should add GRT curation signal to it.

   - This action improves quality of service, reduces latency, and enhances network redundancy and availability for your subgraphs.

2. If eligible for indexing rewards, Indexers receive GRT rewards based on the signaled amount.

   - It’s recommended to curate at least 3,000 GRT to attract 3 Indexers. Check reward eligibility based on subgraph feature usage and supported networks.

To learn more about curation, read [Curating](/network/curating/).

> To save on gas costs, you can curate your subgraph in the same transaction you publish it by selecting this button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save on gas costs, you can curate your subgraph in the same transaction you publish it by checking this option:
```

![Subgraph publish](/img/publish-and-signal-tx.png)

### 8. Query Your Subgraph

> Now, you can query your subgraph by sending GraphQL queries to your subgraph’s Query URL, which you can find by clicking the query button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can query your subgraph by sending GraphQL queries to your subgraph’s Query URL, which you can find by clicking the Query button.
```

yarn global add @graphprotocol/graph-cli
```

### 2. Create your subgraph

If your contract has events, the `init` command will automatically create a scaffold of a subgraph.

#### Create via CLI

Use the following command to create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio using CLI: `init --product subgraph-studio`

#### **Create via Subgraph Studio**

> Subgraph Studio is a review and staging environment where you can create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs and API Keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Subgraph Studio is a staging environment where you can create, manage, deploy, and publish subgraphs and API Keys.
```

![Subgraph command](/img/subgraph-init-example.png)

### 4. Write your subgraph

The `init` command in the previous step creates a scaffold subgraph that you can use as a starting point to build your subgraph.

When making changes to the subgraph, you will mainly work with three files:

- Manifest (`subgraph.yaml`)- defines what datasources your subgraphs will index.
- Schema (`schema. graphql`) - defines what data you wish to retrieve from the subgraph.
- AssemblyScript Mappings (`mapping.ts`) - translates data from your datasources to the entities defined in the schema.

For a detailed breakdown on how to write your subgraph, check out [Creating a Subgraph](/developing/creating-a-subgraph/).

### 5. Deploy to your subgraph

Remember, deploying is not the same as publishing.

- When you deploy a subgraph, you push it to [Subgraph Studio](https://thegraph.com/studio/), where you can test, stage and review it.
- When you publish a subgraph, you are publishing it onchain to the decentralized network.

1. Once your subgraph is written, run the following commands:

   ```sh
   $ graph codegen
   $ graph build
   ```

> 2. Authenticate and deploy your subgraph. The deploy key can be found on the Subgraph page in Subgraph Studio.

Reviewer 2: maybe we should add a screenshot for this?
